README.md, before:

# Python Latency Analyzer - CPE551 Group Project F25: William TenCate & Johnathan Vu

This program measures latency tests for a given URL and saves the results to a results file that saves previous tests.

The results file can be used to compare, review, and visualize tests that have been completed.

Important: There is no CSV provided, you must run the preload / seeding cell or run some testing sessions first.

The only file you need to use is `src/notebook/main.ipynb`, which is the connecter for all other modules and data files.

There are also test cases in `src/tests` using Pytest.

# HOW TO USE!

Install dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`

Program entry point: `src/notebook/main.ipynb`

Program Instructions:

1. Run the setup cell to import needed modules.
2. If needed, run **the seeding cell** to preload the results file with test sessions.
3. Run **test session cell** to be prompted and enter a URL to run and save a session of the testing session into the results file. (The session is saved with session averages, not individual tests).
4. Run cells to view data from the results file in meaningful ways and comparisons.
5. There are also helper cells for clearing the saved results, or removing all tests with a specific label, url, etc.

# References Used

https://docs.python.org/3/reference/import.html#package-relative-imports

https://docs.python-requests.org/en/latest/index.html

https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python/what-is-__init__-py-file-in-python/
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/52119454/how-to-obtain-jupyter-notebooks-path

https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python/what-is-__init__-py-file-in-python/

https://docs.python.org/3/library/os.html

Edit this later but TLDR for now:

The main notebook will take in a site or multiple site urls when ran, run tests on it, then append to the local csv. The notebook then loads up that csv and uses pandas and matplotlib to show stuff about it and compare to previous tests ran.

.py files formatted by "black" for consistency.

1. Notebook file uses latency tester on user input
2. Latency Tester returns object that includes list of Result objects and maybe some other metadata
3. Notebook takes that object and appends it to the csv
4. Csv is used in next cells with pandas and matplotlib to show stuff.

Commit message:

Add input validator to use on functions and add to main notebook.

README.md, after:

# Python Latency Analyzer - CPE551 Group Project F25: William TenCate & Johnathan Vu

This program measures latency tests for a given URL and saves the results to a results file that saves previous tests.

The results file can be used to compare, review, and visualize tests that have been completed.

Important: There is no CSV provided, you must run the preload / seeding cell or run some testing sessions first.

The only file you need to use is `src/notebook/main.ipynb`, which is the connecter for all other modules and data files.

There are also test cases in `src/tests` using Pytest.

All user input is sanitized and includes exception handling from a helper function in `src/utils/helpers.py`

# HOW TO USE!

Install dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`

Program entry point: `src/notebook/main.ipynb`

Program Instructions:

1. Run the setup cell to import needed modules.
2. If needed, run **the seeding cell** to preload the results file with test sessions.
3. Run **test session cell** to be prompted and enter a URL to run and save a session of the testing session into the results file. (The session is saved with session averages, not individual tests).
4. Run cells to view data from the results file in meaningful ways and comparisons.
5. There are also helper cells for clearing the saved results, or removing all tests with a specific label, url, etc.

# References Used

https://docs.python.org/3/reference/import.html#package-relative-imports

https://docs.python-requests.org/en/latest/index.html

https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python/what-is-__init__-py-file-in-python/
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/52119454/how-to-obtain-jupyter-notebooks-path

https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python/what-is-__init__-py-file-in-python/

https://docs.python.org/3/library/os.html

Edit this later but TLDR for now:

The main notebook will take in a site or multiple site urls when ran, run tests on it, then append to the local csv. The notebook then loads up that csv and uses pandas and matplotlib to show stuff about it and compare to previous tests ran.

.py files formatted by "black" for consistency.

1. Notebook file uses latency tester on user input
2. Latency Tester returns object that includes list of Result objects and maybe some other metadata
3. Notebook takes that object and appends it to the csv
4. Csv is used in next cells with pandas and matplotlib to show stuff.
